## Friday, March 23rd, 2018
When this project was assigned, I didn't really know what I wanted to do. Some of the topics that were presented seemed very complex and the thought of creating another app was an unpleasant one. After thinking for a couple of days, and realizing that the sinatra project was rather diffucult and that it wasn't functional, I decided that creating a tutorial on shell scripting would be something that is both do-able and it would have me in a learning zone. <br>
<br>
What made me choose shell scripting in the first place was the combination of the memory of how I felt learning the basic command line, how quickly I felt comfortable with it, and its relevance in the world of software engineering. While I was "exploring," which was really a combination of long complex articles, but it really showed me what I was getting into. Shell scripting, along with grep (I didn't get into "awk" and "sed" yet) shows how complex commands such as `--invert-match` and `--word-regexp` can manipulate files to either select and highlight particular lines within a file from the command line to selecting words that start with the same letter, without opening the file. <br>
<br>
I'm not going to lie. The readings and explanations to the 'grep' commands were hard to read and they were kind of complex, but the topic itself was interesting and although the reading were kind of boring, I still paid attention and that was because I like the command line. Moving forward I wish to explore topics of 'sed' and 'awk' but that is what the upcomming week is for. 

[Next Entry](/marchThirty.md)
[Table of Contents](/readme.md)