#### Overview and Learning
Throughout this week, I began to look at my previous projects not for inspiration but as a source and a starting point. As a MVP, minimum viable product, I decided to code a portion of the tutorial in simple HTML, while adding on to it as the weaks go by, and once that works and the information is there, then I will worry about how the webpage looks and how it is designed. Right now my main focus, is ensuring that I can accumulate information and create examples so that they can be implemented on the tutorial. 
I began adding examples and explanations on a google document. It is easier to collect enough to create a tutorial and then add it instead of adding it simultaneously. The template to this webpage won't really need to be as "glamorous" as the one that I created last year, since its' only purpose is to inform, rather than "sell" an idea. For now, I would like to keep it basic and then as the tutorial begins to take shape, then I will begin to add CSS. The examples include, previous examples from past entries, and snippets that I have gathered from youtube videos.  



#### Takeaways
While I began coding my tutorial I started by looking back on my previous projects. My software teacher always stated that as software engineers we stand on the shoulders of giants, and I am deciding to stand on my own shoulders this time. Because previous languages that we have learned are not fresh on my mind, I will be using a template that I have previously created and I will adapt the website so that it can be used as a tutorial for shell scripting, more specifically, sed.